# Meeting agenda

## Last week

### HCI report draft

 - Received some good feedback
   - 1-on-1 design reviews
   - Standardized quantitative data collection method via Google Forms
   - Additional feedback received (and noted) during the 1-on-1s.
 - Already in the process of implementing the feedback

### Progress on achieving goals

 - MVP not completed
   - Designed the API
   - Implemented endpoints (currently in testing):
     - Authentication endpoints (3) (+ Spring Security)
     - Lobby-related endpoints (3)
   - Added DTOs
 - UI design almost complete (need to implement HCI feedback)
   - Client logic is not yet at the MVP level

### Retrospective meeting

#### The good

 - Everyone participated in code review
 - Good communication within the group
 - Our HCI figma design was good
 - Did a get-everyone-up-to-date meeting

#### The bad

 - Inappropriate due dates (caused blocking issues)
 - We didn't reach our goals
 - Code coverage is not stellar
 - A lot of untouched issues
 - Wiki docs still aren't a thing

#### The ugly

 - MR conflicts caused some headaches (should be resolved for good now)
 - Bad communication in MR reviews (caused prolonged cycle times)
 - Equalize code contribution across group members.


## Plan for the next week

 - **Get the MVP working!**
 - Improve test code coverage

Issues: see [GitLab W4 milestone](https://gitlab.ewi.tudelft.nl/cse1105/2021-2022/team-repositories/oopp-group-60/repository-template/-/milestones/4#tab-issues)

Closed backlog issues in W4:
 - [#4](https://gitlab.ewi.tudelft.nl/cse1105/2021-2022/team-repositories/oopp-group-60/repository-template/-/issues/4)
 - [#5](https://gitlab.ewi.tudelft.nl/cse1105/2021-2022/team-repositories/oopp-group-60/repository-template/-/issues/5)
 - [#6](https://gitlab.ewi.tudelft.nl/cse1105/2021-2022/team-repositories/oopp-group-60/repository-template/-/issues/6)
 - [#7](https://gitlab.ewi.tudelft.nl/cse1105/2021-2022/team-repositories/oopp-group-60/repository-template/-/issues/7)
 - [#31](https://gitlab.ewi.tudelft.nl/cse1105/2021-2022/team-repositories/oopp-group-60/repository-template/-/issues/31)
 - [#40](https://gitlab.ewi.tudelft.nl/cse1105/2021-2022/team-repositories/oopp-group-60/repository-template/-/issues/40)
 - [#64](https://gitlab.ewi.tudelft.nl/cse1105/2021-2022/team-repositories/oopp-group-60/repository-template/-/issues/64)
