
## Notes for the team meeting OOPP 60

|   |                                                                                                                            |
|---|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|
| Location:| Drebbelweg PC1 backroom                                                                                                    |
|Datum:| 01/03/2022                                                                                                                 |
|Time: | 16:45 – 17:30                                                                                                              |
|Attendees: | Cojocaru Alexandru (Note taker), Dinucu-Jianu David, Misterka Paul, Pezzali Giacomo, Singh Aakanksh, Rok Štular (Chairman) |

## HCI report
- Received feedback from the other team
- Looking to implement changes from the feedback into our design
- LucidChart for API endpoints |  TODO :  add pdf in gitlab with the chart
- Work in progress : design choices


## W3 activity
	* Back-end
		- Did endpoints, for example : Authentication Endpoints through Spring, Lobby endpoints,
		- Tested endpoints using Mockv testing
	* Front-end
		- Most screens ready, need to connect everything to the back-end


## Issues encountered in the past week :
- MR conflicts.
    * To solve this only the person that created the MR resolves the conflicts
- Communication issues. Not fast enough when it comes to reviews of merge requests
    * To solve this whenever threads are solved the person solving them has to ping the reviewer to update the comments.
- Code issues.
    * To solve this for the upcoming week we need to work on equalizing code. Some team members need to put more work in coding and others need to help out. 