# W4 retrospective

|   |   |
|---|---|
| Location  | Online (Discord) |
| Date		| 6/03/2022 |
| Time		| 17:00 - 18:00 |
| Attendees	| Paul Misterka  <br> Giacomo Pezzali<br> Alexandru Cojocaru (Note taker) <br> David Dinucu-Jianu<br>  Aakanksh Singh<br>Rok Å tular (Chairman) |

Our goal for this week was to have a playable singleplayer game.
We haven't managed to reach our goal but we made great strides towards achieving it.

We managed to produce a lot of quality work this week like:
1. We finished a lot of API endpoints for our application.
2. We finished our HCI report and implemented the design feedback that we received.
3. We implemented SSE in our back-end which we anticipated to be one of the more difficult tasks we would have to do.
4. A lot of progress has been done in the front-end and the HCI design is almost fully implemented.

Below is our final tasks list with estimated and actual time spent, completion level and notes.

| Stories                                                                                                                                                                  | Tasks                                                                                                                                                                 | Assignees                                 | Estimated time | Time spent | Done | Notes                             |
| ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------ | --------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- | ----------------------------------------- | -------------- | ---------- | ---- | --------------------------------- |
| [Games must consist of a set of questions](https://gitlab.ewi.tudelft.nl/cse1105/2021-2022/team-repositories/oopp-group-60/repository-template/-/issues/7)               | [Question generation](https://gitlab.ewi.tudelft.nl/cse1105/2021-2022/team-repositories/oopp-group-60/repository-template/-/issues/21)                                | Paul                                      | 5              | 5          | Yes  |                                   |
| [Games must consist of a set of questions](https://gitlab.ewi.tudelft.nl/cse1105/2021-2022/team-repositories/oopp-group-60/repository-template/-/issues/7)               | [Implement a SSE controler](https://gitlab.ewi.tudelft.nl/cse1105/2021-2022/team-repositories/oopp-group-60/repository-template/-/issues/105)                         | Rok                                       | 4              | 10         | Yes  |                                   |
| [Games must consist of a set of questions](https://gitlab.ewi.tudelft.nl/cse1105/2021-2022/team-repositories/oopp-group-60/repository-template/-/issues/7)               | Notify clients whether the answer is correct or not                                                                                                                   | Giacomo                                   | 4              | 3          | No   | Waiting for SSE management        |
| [Setup authentication](https://gitlab.ewi.tudelft.nl/cse1105/2021-2022/team-repositories/oopp-group-60/repository-template/-/issues/31)                                  | [API endpoints for authentication](https://gitlab.ewi.tudelft.nl/cse1105/2021-2022/team-repositories/oopp-group-60/repository-template/-/issues/77)                   | Paul                                      | 4              | 3          | Yes  | Issue mostly implemented in W3    |
| [Users must be able to set their name](https://gitlab.ewi.tudelft.nl/cse1105/2021-2022/team-repositories/oopp-group-60/repository-template/-/issues/4)                   | [Nickname and picture screen](https://gitlab.ewi.tudelft.nl/cse1105/2021-2022/team-repositories/oopp-group-60/repository-template/-/issues/62)                        | Alex                                      | 5              | 3          | Yes  | Functionality to be done in W5    |
| [Users must be able to create and join game lobbies](https://gitlab.ewi.tudelft.nl/cse1105/2021-2022/team-repositories/oopp-group-60/repository-template/-/issues/5)     | [Game creation endpoint](https://gitlab.ewi.tudelft.nl/cse1105/2021-2022/team-repositories/oopp-group-60/repository-template/-/issues/96)                             | Paul                                      | 3              | 1          | No   |                                   |
| Users must be able to create and join game lobbies                                                                                                                       | [Game joining on front-end](https://gitlab.ewi.tudelft.nl/cse1105/2021-2022/team-repositories/oopp-group-60/repository-template/-/issues/79)                          | Paul                                      | 4              | 0          | No   | Pre-requisites unfinished         |
| [Game should contain a leaderboard](https://gitlab.ewi.tudelft.nl/cse1105/2021-2022/team-repositories/oopp-group-60/repository-template/-/issues/40)                     | [Implement global leaderboard API endpoints](https://gitlab.ewi.tudelft.nl/cse1105/2021-2022/team-repositories/oopp-group-60/repository-template/-/issues/89)         | Rok                                       | 1              | 4          | No   | In review                         |
| Game should contain a leaderboard                                                                                                                                        | [Create global leaderboard UI](https://gitlab.ewi.tudelft.nl/cse1105/2021-2022/team-repositories/oopp-group-60/repository-template/-/issues/90)                       | David                                     | 2              | 1          | Yes  |                                   |
| Game should contain a leaderboard                                                                                                                                        | [Implement Global leaderboard in client](https://gitlab.ewi.tudelft.nl/cse1105/2021-2022/team-repositories/oopp-group-60/repository-template/-/issues/103)            | David                                     | 2              | 3          | No   |                                   |
| [Support for player-determined configuration](https://gitlab.ewi.tudelft.nl/cse1105/2021-2022/team-repositories/oopp-group-60/repository-template/-/issues/36)           | [Game configuration UI](https://gitlab.ewi.tudelft.nl/cse1105/2021-2022/team-repositories/oopp-group-60/repository-template/-/issues/97)                              | David                                     | 3              | 5          | Yes  |                                   |
| Documentation                                                                                                                                                            | [Update CoC](https://gitlab.ewi.tudelft.nl/cse1105/2021-2022/team-repositories/oopp-group-60/repository-template/-/merge_requests/39)                                 | Giacomo                                   | 3              | 3          | Yes  |                                   |
| Documentation                                                                                                                                                            | [HCI final version](https://gitlab.ewi.tudelft.nl/cse1105/2021-2022/team-repositories/oopp-group-60/repository-template/-/issues/95)                                  | Aakanksh, Alex, David, Giacomo, Paul, Rok | 15             | 15         | Yes  |                                   |
| Documentation                                                                                                                                                            | [Lucid charts to repo](https://gitlab.ewi.tudelft.nl/cse1105/2021-2022/team-repositories/oopp-group-60/repository-template/-/issues/94)                               | Aakanksh                                  | 2              | 1          | No   | Issue might be deleted            |
| Test                                                                                                                                                                     | [Implement front end testing](https://gitlab.ewi.tudelft.nl/cse1105/2021-2022/team-repositories/oopp-group-60/repository-template/-/issues/101)                       | Aakanksh                                  | 5              | 0          | No   |                                   |
| [Users should be able to apply custom configs to rooms](https://gitlab.ewi.tudelft.nl/cse1105/2021-2022/team-repositories/oopp-group-60/repository-template/-/issues/32) | [Game configuration endpoint](https://gitlab.ewi.tudelft.nl/cse1105/2021-2022/team-repositories/oopp-group-60/repository-template/-/issues/98)                        | Aakanksh                                  | 4              | 0          | No   |                                   |
| [Users must be able to answer questions](https://gitlab.ewi.tudelft.nl/cse1105/2021-2022/team-repositories/oopp-group-60/repository-template/-/issues/7)                 | [API endpoints for answering and getting a question](https://gitlab.ewi.tudelft.nl/cse1105/2021-2022/team-repositories/oopp-group-60/repository-template/-/issues/76) | Aakanksh                                  | 4              | 6          | No   | Integrating other issue into this |
| API                                                                                                                                                                      | [API design](https://gitlab.ewi.tudelft.nl/cse1105/2021-2022/team-repositories/oopp-group-60/repository-template/-/issues/82)                                         | Everyone                                  |                |            |      |                                   |
| API                                                                                                                                                                      | [Spawn a default multiplayer room indefinitely](https://gitlab.ewi.tudelft.nl/cse1105/2021-2022/team-repositories/oopp-group-60/repository-template/-/issues/16)      | Aakanksh, Paul                            | 4              | 0          | No   |                                   |

## Encountered problems

We've created an `EasyRetro` [dashboard](https://easyretro.io/publicboard/mV7haDuRvLSZpCleo2fjyLEhdzF3/367a5542-66f8-4bd1-abcd-f8c491f3178c) where everybody contributed their retrospective for the week.

### We had a lot of open merge requests at the same time
There were a lot of open merge requests at the end of the week. This is undesirable since we would need to rush the reviews and the quality will go down significantly.

### We still haven't started using the gitlab wiki
Unfortunately, we didn't start using the gitlab wiki even though it has been a goal since week 2.

## Adjustments for the next sprint plan
- we should start using the gitlab wiki
- we should avoid having a lot of open merge requests at the end of the week
- the chairman should plan the meetings in advance
