# W5 retrospective

|   |   |
|---|---|
| Location  | Online (Discord) |
| Date		| 13/03/2022 |
| Time		| 20:00 - 21:00 |
| Attendees	| Paul Misterka (Note taker) <br> Giacomo Pezzali (Chairman)<br> Alexandru Cojocaru <br> David Dinucu-Jianu<br>  Aakanksh Singh<br>Rok Å tular |

Week 5's staple were the midterms. Giacomo put a great effort into the scrum planning, marking an improvement in the planning process that the further chairmen can repeat. We managed to push quite a lot of functionality, integrating the backend and frontend for the first time. However, due to the increased workload a lower percentage of issues were completed, compared to the previous weeks. Below is our final tasks list with estimated and actual time spent, completion level and notes.

| Stories                                                                                                                                                                              | No. | Tasks                                                                                                                                                                                | Assignees                    | Estimated time | Time spent | Done   | Notes                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                 |
| ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------ | --- | ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------ | ---------------------------- | -------------- | ---------- | ------ | ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- |
| [Games must consist of a set of questions](https://gitlab.ewi.tudelft.nl/cse1105/2021-2022/team-repositories/oopp-group-60/repository-template/-/issues/7)                           | 99  | [Notify clients of correct answer](https://gitlab.ewi.tudelft.nl/cse1105/2021-2022/team-repositories/oopp-group-60/repository-template/-/merge_requests/49)                          | Giacomo, Paul                | 4              | 8          | Yes    | Paul fixed some JPA relationships                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                     |
|                                                                                                                                                                                      | 125 | [Expose getScore endpoint](https://gitlab.ewi.tudelft.nl/cse1105/2021-2022/team-repositories/oopp-group-60/repository-template/-/merge_requests/55)                                  | Giacomo                      | 2              | 2          | Yes    |                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                       |
|                                                                                                                                                                                      | 112 | [Store users' answers](https://gitlab.ewi.tudelft.nl/cse1105/2021-2022/team-repositories/oopp-group-60/repository-template/-/merge_requests/63)                                      | Giacomo                      | 4              | 2          | No     |                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                       |
|                                                                                                                                                                                      | 128 | [Generate player's score](https://gitlab.ewi.tudelft.nl/cse1105/2021-2022/team-repositories/oopp-group-60/repository-template/-/issues/128)                                          | Giacomo                      | 3              | 0          | No     | [Blocked by #112](https://gitlab.ewi.tudelft.nl/cse1105/2021-2022/team-repositories/oopp-group-60/repository-template/-/issues/112)                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                   |
|                                                                                                                                                                                      | 122 | [Allow user to answer](https://gitlab.ewi.tudelft.nl/cse1105/2021-2022/team-repositories/oopp-group-60/repository-template/-/issues/122)                                             | Alex                         | 4              | 3          | No     |                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                       |
|                                                                                                                                                                                      | 119 | [React to question stop SSE](https://gitlab.ewi.tudelft.nl/cse1105/2021-2022/team-repositories/oopp-group-60/repository-template/-/issues/119)                                       | Paul                         | 4              | 0          | No     | Blocked by [#99](https://gitlab.ewi.tudelft.nl/cse1105/2021-2022/team-repositories/oopp-group-60/repository-template/-/issues/99), [#116](https://gitlab.ewi.tudelft.nl/cse1105/2021-2022/team-repositories/oopp-group-60/repository-template/-/issues/116), [#125](https://gitlab.ewi.tudelft.nl/cse1105/2021-2022/team-repositories/oopp-group-60/repository-template/-/issues/125) |
|                                                                                                                                                                                      | 76  | [API endpoints for answering and getting a question](https://gitlab.ewi.tudelft.nl/cse1105/2021-2022/team-repositories/oopp-group-60/repository-template/-/issues/76)                | Aakanksh                     | 4              | 5          | Yes    | Finish-up from W4                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                     |
|                                                                                                                                                                                      | 118 | [React to question start SSE](https://gitlab.ewi.tudelft.nl/cse1105/2021-2022/team-repositories/oopp-group-60/repository-template/-/issues/118)                                      | David                        | 3              | 0          | No     |                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                       |
|                                                                                                                                                                                      | 116 | [Subscribe to SSE](https://gitlab.ewi.tudelft.nl/cse1105/2021-2022/team-repositories/oopp-group-60/repository-template/-/issues/116)                                                 | David                        | 4              | 1          | No     |                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                       |
|                                                                                                                                                                                      | 131 | Populate the DB with activities and MCQuestions                                                                                                                                      | Rok                          | 4              | 3          | Review | Awaiting approvals                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    |
|                                                                                                                                                                                      | 105 | Implement SSE API endpoint and controller                                                                                                                                            | Rok                          | 4              | 4          | Yes    |                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                       |
|                                                                                                                                                                                      | 129 | React to user new answer                                                                                                                                                             | Rok                          | 2              | 0          | No     |                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                       |
|                                                                                                                                                                                      | 120 | Handle game timing                                                                                                                                                                   | Rok                          | 4              | 0          | No     |                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                       |
|                                                                                                                                                                                      | 117 | Allow to start and stop a question                                                                                                                                                   | Rok                          | 2              | 0          | No     |                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                       |
| [Support for player-determined configuration](https://gitlab.ewi.tudelft.nl/cse1105/2021-2022/team-repositories/oopp-group-60/repository-template/-/issues/36)                       | 135 | [Game configuration endpoint](https://gitlab.ewi.tudelft.nl/cse1105/2021-2022/team-repositories/oopp-group-60/repository-template/-/issues/98)                                       | Aakanksh                     | 3              | 3          | No     | [Missing dependency](https://gitlab.ewi.tudelft.nl/cse1105/2021-2022/team-repositories/oopp-group-60/repository-template/-/issues/135)                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                |
| [Users must be able to set their name when entering the application](https://gitlab.ewi.tudelft.nl/cse1105/2021-2022/team-repositories/oopp-group-60/repository-template/-/issues/4) | 115 | [Allow user to register](https://gitlab.ewi.tudelft.nl/cse1105/2021-2022/team-repositories/oopp-group-60/repository-template/-/issues/115)                                           | Aakanksh                     | 4              | 0          | No     | [Blocked by #113](https://gitlab.ewi.tudelft.nl/cse1105/2021-2022/team-repositories/oopp-group-60/repository-template/-/issues/113)                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                   |
| [Allow players to safely leave a game](https://gitlab.ewi.tudelft.nl/cse1105/2021-2022/team-repositories/oopp-group-60/repository-template/-/issues/35)                              | 124 | [Allow user to leave a game](https://gitlab.ewi.tudelft.nl/cse1105/2021-2022/team-repositories/oopp-group-60/repository-template/-/issues/124)                                       | Aakanksh                     | 3              | 0          | No     | [Blocked by #123](https://gitlab.ewi.tudelft.nl/cse1105/2021-2022/team-repositories/oopp-group-60/repository-template/-/issues/123)                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                   |
| [Create a global leaderboard](https://gitlab.ewi.tudelft.nl/cse1105/2021-2022/team-repositories/oopp-group-60/repository-template/-/issues/40)                                       | 103 | [Implement global leaderboard in the client](https://gitlab.ewi.tudelft.nl/cse1105/2021-2022/team-repositories/oopp-group-60/repository-template/-/issues/103)                       | David                        | 2              | 5          | Review |                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                       |
|                                                                                                                                                                                      | 89  | Implement global leaderboard API endpoints                                                                                                                                           | Rok                          | 1              | 6          | Yes    | Delayed from W4                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                       |
| [Allow players to safely leave a game](https://gitlab.ewi.tudelft.nl/cse1105/2021-2022/team-repositories/oopp-group-60/repository-template/-/issues/35)                              | 123 | [Expose game leave endpoint](https://gitlab.ewi.tudelft.nl/cse1105/2021-2022/team-repositories/oopp-group-60/repository-template/-/issues/123)                                       | Paul                         | 4              | 6          | Review |                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                       |
| [Users must be able to create and join game lobbies](https://gitlab.ewi.tudelft.nl/cse1105/2021-2022/team-repositories/oopp-group-60/repository-template/-/issues/5)                 | 96  | [Game creation endpoint](https://gitlab.ewi.tudelft.nl/cse1105/2021-2022/team-repositories/oopp-group-60/repository-template/-/issues/96)                                            | Paul                         | 3              | 5          | Yes    | Finish-up from W4                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                     |
| [Authentication](https://gitlab.ewi.tudelft.nl/cse1105/2021-2022/team-repositories/oopp-group-60/repository-template/-/issues/31)                                                    | 113 | [Create login and store JWT](https://gitlab.ewi.tudelft.nl/cse1105/2021-2022/team-repositories/oopp-group-60/repository-template/-/merge_requests/59)                                | Alex                         | 4              | 5          | Yes    |                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                       |
|                                                                                                                                                                                      | 114 | [Safely store JWT token](https://gitlab.ewi.tudelft.nl/cse1105/2021-2022/team-repositories/oopp-group-60/repository-template/-/issues/114)                                           | Alex                         | 3              | 1          | No     |                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                       |
| Enhancements                                                                                                                                                                         | 111 | [Display client side timers](https://gitlab.ewi.tudelft.nl/cse1105/2021-2022/team-repositories/oopp-group-60/repository-template/-/issues/111)                                       | Aakanksh                     | 3              | 0          | No     |                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                       |
|                                                                                                                                                                                      | 107 | [EasyRandom should be compatible with Java Random](https://gitlab.ewi.tudelft.nl/cse1105/2021-2022/team-repositories/oopp-group-60/repository-template/-/issues/107)                 | Rok                          | 2              | 2          | Yes    | Was reverted as it introduced a bug (see [#130](https://gitlab.ewi.tudelft.nl/cse1105/2021-2022/team-repositories/oopp-group-60/repository-template/-/issues/130))                                                                                                                                                                                                                    |
| Documentation                                                                                                                                                                        | 127 | [Update endpoint collection](https://gitlab.ewi.tudelft.nl/cse1105/2021-2022/team-repositories/oopp-group-60/repository-template/-/issues/127)                                       | Aakanksh, Paul, Giacomo, Rok | 5              | 0          | No     | Up to date, but constantly updated                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    |
|                                                                                                                                                                                      | 82  | [API design](https://gitlab.ewi.tudelft.nl/cse1105/2021-2022/team-repositories/oopp-group-60/repository-template/-/issues/82)                                                        | Everyone                     | 5              | 5          | No?    | Constantly updated                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    |
|                                                                                                                                                                                      | 92  | [Put documentation into GitLab wiki](https://gitlab.ewi.tudelft.nl/cse1105/2021-2022/team-repositories/oopp-group-60/repository-template/-/issues/92)                                | David, Giacomo               | 1              | 0          | No     |                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                       |
|                                                                                                                                                                                      | 26  | [Add client and server readme badges for build status and coverage](https://gitlab.ewi.tudelft.nl/cse1105/2021-2022/team-repositories/oopp-group-60/repository-template/-/issues/26) | Alex                         | 3              | 0          | No     |                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                       |
| Bugs                                                                                                                                                                                 | 130 | [Server in dev not running after "107-random-compat" merge](https://gitlab.ewi.tudelft.nl/cse1105/2021-2022/team-repositories/oopp-group-60/repository-template/-/issues/130)        | Paul                         | 2              | 2          | Yes    |                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                       |
| Other                                                                                                                                                                                | 108 | [Docker container for DB](https://gitlab.ewi.tudelft.nl/cse1105/2021-2022/team-repositories/oopp-group-60/repository-template/-/issues/108)                                          | Paul                         | 4              | 4          | Yes    |                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                       |
|                                                                                                                                                                                      | 109 | [Automated Screen Scaling in the client](https://gitlab.ewi.tudelft.nl/cse1105/2021-2022/team-repositories/oopp-group-60/repository-template/-/issues/109)                           | David                        | 3              | 4          | Yes    |                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                       |
|                                                                                                                                                                                      | 101 | [Implement front end testing](https://gitlab.ewi.tudelft.nl/cse1105/2021-2022/team-repositories/oopp-group-60/repository-template/-/issues/101)                                      | Aakanksh                     | 3              | 0          | No     | Delayed from W4                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                       |

## Encountered problems

### Code coverage
Our code coverage didn't go up at all, and still stands at about 50%. While the server boasts >90% coverage, barely any client-side functionalities have been tested. The nature of UI testing is rather elusive, but we shouldn't completely abandon that side of the project.

During the next week we should try to introduce first client-side tests that can pave way for full client-side coverage in W7. This will ease developement, since we'll have a higher degree of confidence that the features pushed are functional, and we aren't breaking any already existing code. 

### Communicating responsibilities
While it is really difficult to create and execute a cohesive plan with the increased workload for the midterm week, we could work on improving some aspects of our communication. In particular, the team leader should've kept track of everyone's contribution throught the week and proactively adapted the plan. Some of us didn't signal whether we'd be able to complete assigned issues on time, which lead to delays and issues being moved over to the next week.

During the next sprint we should put more attention to each other's work. The chairman carries the most responsibility and should focus on enabling everyone on the team to complement each other. If someone isn't able to complete their work, they bring the issue up one the Discord forum or talk directly to the scrum master.

## Adjustments for the next sprint plan
- more experienced members should push core components before taking on additional, more advanced tasks
- we should put more focus on enabling each other's work
- we should include more documentation (features, API, technical details)
- the client-side code coverage has to go up
- everyone needs to contribute detailed, attentive code reviews to prevent bad code from being committed
- more time has to be devoted to e2e testing to make sure that working code makes it to dev