# Review Meeting Week 2 - OOPP 2021/22 Group 60

Location:	Drebbelweg PC1 backroom  
Date:		15/02/2022  
Time:		16:45 - 17:30  
Attendees:  
Cojocaru Alexandru  
Dinucu-Jianu David  
Misterka Paul (Chairman)  
Pezzali Giacomo (Note taker)  
Singh Aakanksh  

|   |   |
|---|---|
| Location  | Drebbelweg - PC1 backroom |
| Date		| 15/02/2022 |
| Time		| 16:45 - 17:30 |
| Attendees	| Cojocaru Alexandru<br> Dinucu-Jianu David<br> Misterka Paul (Chairman)<br> Pezzali Giacomo (Note taker)<br> Singh Aakanksh |

## Opening by Chairperson

## Approval of the Agenda
No additions proposed.

## Main points
### Scrum organization - approval and feedback
The organization described in the agenda has been approved by the group and by the TA.  
**Received feedback:**
- Creation of a Code of Conduct.
- Implementation of anonymous feedbacks for group members.

### Workflow - approval and feedback
The workflow standard described in the agenda has been approved by the group and by the TA.  
**Received feedback:**
- Upload the dailies on gitlab
- Weekly merge from dev to main

### Backlog - approval and feedback
The backlog has been approved by the group and the TA.  
**Received feedback:**
- Add "won't haves" to set limitations to the project.
- Add backlog items as issues on gitlab.

### Testing - approval and feedback
The testing procedure described in the agend has been approved by the group and the TA.  
**Received feedback:**
- Add Integration and UI testing.

### Deadlines - definition for the week
The deadlines for week 3.2 have been defined:
- Convert the backlog in gitlab issues.
- Define the Code of Conduct, following the template in brightspace.
- Start assigning personal tasks.

## Final remarks
The group meeting should involve more the single group members, instead of just exposing to the TA what was decided previously.
