# W2 retrospective

|   |   |
|---|---|
| Location  | Online (Discord) |
| Date		| 20/02/2022 |
| Time		| 17:00 - 18:30 |
| Attendees	| Paul Misterka  (Chairman)<br> Giacomo Pezzali  (Note taker)<br> Alexandru Cojocaru <br> David Dinucu-Jianu<br>  Aakanksh Singh <br>Rok Å tular |

Week 2 was the first week where we contributed code. Our team set an aggressive schedule to create a large portion of the MVP (minimal viable product) and thoroughly design the architecture. Below is our final tasks list with estimated and actual time spent, completion level and notes.

| Stories                                                                                                                                                                         | Tasks                                                                                                                                                                                | Assignees      | Estimated time | Time spent | Done   | Notes            |
| ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- | ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------ | -------------- | -------------- | ---------- | ------ | ---------------- |
| Questions should be of different types                                                                                                                                          | [Create the Question entity](https://gitlab.ewi.tudelft.nl/cse1105/2021-2022/team-repositories/oopp-group-60/repository-template/-/issues/14)                                        | Giacomo        | 4              | 7          | Yes    |                  |
| [Games must consist of a set of questions](https://gitlab.ewi.tudelft.nl/cse1105/2021-2022/team-repositories/oopp-group-60/repository-template/-/issues/15)                     |                                                                                                                                                                                      |                |
|                                                                                                                                                                                 | [Question generation](https://gitlab.ewi.tudelft.nl/cse1105/2021-2022/team-repositories/oopp-group-60/repository-template/-/issues/21)                                               | Giacomo, Rok   | 4              | 2          | No     |                  |
| [Users must be able to create and join game lobbies](https://gitlab.ewi.tudelft.nl/cse1105/2021-2022/team-repositories/oopp-group-60/repository-template/-/issues/5)            | [Game Joining](https://gitlab.ewi.tudelft.nl/cse1105/2021-2022/team-repositories/oopp-group-60/repository-template/-/issues/20)                                                      | Alex           | 2              | 0          | No     |                  |
| [Setup Authentication](https://gitlab.ewi.tudelft.nl/cse1105/2021-2022/team-repositories/oopp-group-60/repository-template/-/issues/31)                                         | [Create User Entity](https://gitlab.ewi.tudelft.nl/cse1105/2021-2022/team-repositories/oopp-group-60/repository-template/-/issues/10)                                                | Alex           | 3              | 4          | Yes    |                  |
| [Users must always be able to join a default public game room](https://gitlab.ewi.tudelft.nl/cse1105/2021-2022/team-repositories/oopp-group-60/repository-template/-/issues/16) | [Spawn a default multiplayer room indefinitely](https://gitlab.ewi.tudelft.nl/cse1105/2021-2022/team-repositories/oopp-group-60/repository-template/-/issues/16)                     | Aakanksh, Paul | 3              | 0          | No     |                  |
| [Users must be able to create and join game lobbies](https://gitlab.ewi.tudelft.nl/cse1105/2021-2022/team-repositories/oopp-group-60/repository-template/-/issues/5)            | [Design lobby UI](https://gitlab.ewi.tudelft.nl/cse1105/2021-2022/team-repositories/oopp-group-60/repository-template/-/issues/17)                                                   | Paul           | 5              | 4          | Yes    |                  |
|                                                                                                                                                                                 | [Create lobby UI](https://gitlab.ewi.tudelft.nl/cse1105/2021-2022/team-repositories/oopp-group-60/repository-template/-/issues/23)                                                   | Paul           | 4              | 1          | No     |                  |
|                                                                                                                                                                                 | [Design game UI](https://gitlab.ewi.tudelft.nl/cse1105/2021-2022/team-repositories/oopp-group-60/repository-template/-/issues/18)                                                    | David          | 6              | 5          | Yes    |                  |
|                                                                                                                                                                                 | [Create game UI](https://gitlab.ewi.tudelft.nl/cse1105/2021-2022/team-repositories/oopp-group-60/repository-template/-/issues/24)                                                    | David          | 6              | 11         | Yes |                  |
|                                                                                                                                                                                 | [Game creation](https://gitlab.ewi.tudelft.nl/cse1105/2021-2022/team-repositories/oopp-group-60/repository-template/-/issues/19)                                                     | Aakanksh       | 4              | 1          | No     |                  |
|                                                                                                                                                                                 | [Create the game entity](https://gitlab.ewi.tudelft.nl/cse1105/2021-2022/team-repositories/oopp-group-60/repository-template/-/issues/15)                                            | Rok, Aakanksh  | 7              | 10         | Yes |                  |
| Enhancements                                                                                                                                                                    | [Research Discord calendar integration](https://gitlab.ewi.tudelft.nl/cse1105/2021-2022/team-repositories/oopp-group-60/repository-template/-/issues/2)                              | Aakanksh       | 1              | 1          | Yes    |                  |
|                                                                                                                                                                                 | [Remove untestable code from JaCoCo reports](https://gitlab.ewi.tudelft.nl/cse1105/2021-2022/team-repositories/oopp-group-60/repository-template/-/issues/57)                        | Aakanksh       | 2              | 1          | Yes     |                  |
|                                                                                                                                                                                 | [Add GitLab integraiton to discord](https://gitlab.ewi.tudelft.nl/cse1105/2021-2022/team-repositories/oopp-group-60/repository-template/-/issues/22)                                 | Paul           | 3              | 2          | Yes    |                  |
|                                                                                                                                                                                 | [Add Lombok to the server](https://gitlab.ewi.tudelft.nl/cse1105/2021-2022/team-repositories/oopp-group-60/repository-template/-/issues/25)                                          | Paul           | 2              | 2          | Yes    |                  |
|                                                                                                                                                                                 | [Decide on checkstyle rules](https://gitlab.ewi.tudelft.nl/cse1105/2021-2022/team-repositories/oopp-group-60/repository-template/-/issues/30)                                        | Paul, Rok      | \-             | 3          | Yes    |                  |
| Documentation                                                                                                                                                                   | [Code of Conduct](https://gitlab.ewi.tudelft.nl/cse1105/2021-2022/team-repositories/oopp-group-60/repository-template/-/issues/3)                                                    | Everyone       | \-             | 6          | Yes    |                  |
|                                                                                                                                                                                 | [Add client and server readme badges for build status and coverage](https://gitlab.ewi.tudelft.nl/cse1105/2021-2022/team-repositories/oopp-group-60/repository-template/-/issues/26) | Alex           |                |            | No     |                  |
| Discussion                                                                                                                                                                      | [Investigate Spring Websocket](https://gitlab.ewi.tudelft.nl/cse1105/2021-2022/team-repositories/oopp-group-60/repository-template/-/issues/27)                                      | Rok            | 3              | 3          | Yes    | We are using SSE |

## Encountered problems

We've created an `EastRetro` [dashboard](https://easyretro.io/publicboard/CT4Ca6EZB7U2TUK1JmjMGGw1ln43/8bcd75f4-bb3b-4fc6-a6a7-950eb3f7471b) where everybody contributed their retrospective for the week.

### Most developers are unfamiliar with the framework
Most of us haven't done any development with Spring, JavaFX, Guice, or any of the associated plugins. We've had a ton of research and spent most of the time getting to know the stack, setting up correct coding practices, and reviewing each other's code. However, this sets up an excellent base for further work in the coming weeks. We've set up most of the structure project, integrations and designed GUIs and class structure, so we'll be able to run through issues much faster.

### Some issues weren't specific enough
Unfortunately, some of the issues weren't specific enough, which resulted in workloads larger than expected. The onslaught of new tools and practices made it difficult to complete base issues that would allow us to work on more complex problems. Our communication lacked in this aspect, as it was challenging to settle down on the actual range of responsibilities. To remedy this, we'll be creating more comprehensive task descriptions that precisely specify what needs to be done. Further, we'll be utilizing more Gitlab and Discord forums to talk about the scope and design of our solutions.

## Adjustments for the next sprint plan
- the scrum master should create more specific issue descriptions to avoid oversized MRs
- some of the team members need to contribute more during the meetings and in discussions
- new tooling should be introduced alongside technical documentation and examples on how to use it
- deadlines should be observed more carefully and met - in case someone can't meet a deadline, they should inform the team and try to resolve the issue
- we should be pinging each other whenever an MR, review, or review implementation is done to speed up the verification process
