# Notes for the team meeting OOPP 60

|   |                                                                                                                          |
|---|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|
| Location:| Drebbelweg PC1 backroom                                                                                                  |
|Datum:| 29/03/2022                                                                                                               |
|Time: | 16:45 – 17:30                                                                                                            |
|Attendees: | Cojocaru Alexandru(Note taker), Dinucu-Jianu David, Misterka Paul, Pezzali Giacomo, Singh Aakanksh(Chairman), Rok Štular |

## W7
- Connected ui and backend. This week we will mix people from back-end to front-end and vice versa a bit more.
- Connected endpoints and got the long awaited MVP. 
- Made UI changes and additions to make experience better.
- Need to get the must and should stuff working.
- A little behind, but we caught up and this week we got the mvp.
- W7 went better than weeks before.

### Front-end work
- Game creation scene
- Display questions
- Registering works

### Back-end work

- Fixed a lot of bugs
- Activities + Pictures added to the repository
- Store users answers
- Implemented SSE pretty well, working !

## Plan for the next week
- We want to get the must and should issues completed as we reach the end of the project.
- Core features we focus on for a clean user experience. 
- Different types of leaderboards need to get done. 
- Reactions worked on + Powerups 
- Private lobbies.