                       # W8 retrospective

|   |                                                                                                                                              |
|---|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|
| Location  | Online (Discord)                                                                                                                             |
| Date		| 04/04/2022                                                                                                                                   |
| Time		| 17:15 - 18:15                                                                                                                              |
| Attendees	| Paul Misterka <br> Giacomo Pezzali <br> Alexandru Cojocaru (Note taker) <br> David Dinucu-Jianu <br>  Aakanksh Singh (Chairman) <br>Rok Å tular|

Week 8 went very smooth and we made a lot of progress. We planned this week well as we were heading towards the end of the project. We planned to implement a lot of core features. We also enhanced the app to improve user experience. The MVP was already made this week. We further made improvements and addtions to it. We are on course to have a product fulfilling our expectations at the end of this project in week 9.

| Stories                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    | Tasks                                                                                                                                                                     | Assignees | Estimated time | Time spent | Done   | Notes                           |
| -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- | ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- | --------- | -------------- | ---------- | ------ | ------------------------------- |
| Enhancement | [Allow user to be remembered](https://gitlab.ewi.tudelft.nl/cse1105/2021-2022/team-repositories/oopp-group-60/repository-template/-/issues/220) | Aakanksh  | 1  | 1 | Yes | |
| | [Allow user to join a different server](https://gitlab.ewi.tudelft.nl/cse1105/2021-2022/team-repositories/oopp-group-60/repository-template/-/issues/199) | Aakanksh | 1 | 2 | Yes | |
| | [Allow user to safely quit the application](https://gitlab.ewi.tudelft.nl/cse1105/2021-2022/team-repositories/oopp-group-60/repository-template/-/issues/210) | Aakanksh | 1 | 2 | Yes | |
| | [Safely store JWT token](https://gitlab.ewi.tudelft.nl/cse1105/2021-2022/team-repositories/oopp-group-60/repository-template/-/issues/114) | Rok | 2 | 2 | No | |
| | [Support booleans and enums in automatic control generation](https://gitlab.ewi.tudelft.nl/cse1105/2021-2022/team-repositories/oopp-group-60/repository-template/-/issues/169) | Rok | 3 | 0 | No | |
| | [Remember user credentials](https://gitlab.ewi.tudelft.nl/cse1105/2021-2022/team-repositories/oopp-group-60/repository-template/-/issues/211) | Paul | 2 | 0 | No | |
| | [Show activity images in questions](https://gitlab.ewi.tudelft.nl/cse1105/2021-2022/team-repositories/oopp-group-60/repository-template/-/merge_requests/128) | Giacomo | 2 | 2 | Yes | |
| [Games must show a leaderboard during and after the game concludes](https://gitlab.ewi.tudelft.nl/cse1105/2021-2022/team-repositories/oopp-group-60/repository-template/-/issues/8) | [Show leaderboards during the game](https://gitlab.ewi.tudelft.nl/cse1105/2021-2022/team-repositories/oopp-group-60/repository-template/-/issues/209) | Aakanksh  | 3 | 2  | No | Already had some implementation |
| [](https://gitlab.ewi.tudelft.nl/cse1105/2021-2022/team-repositories/oopp-group-60/repository-template/-/issues/35)[Allow players to safely leave a game](https://gitlab.ewi.tudelft.nl/cse1105/2021-2022/team-repositories/oopp-group-60/repository-template/-/issues/35) | [Allow hosts to disband games](https://gitlab.ewi.tudelft.nl/cse1105/2021-2022/team-repositories/oopp-group-60/repository-template/-/issues/159) | Aakanksh  | 3 | 6 | Yes | Finish-up from W7 |
| [Games must consist of a set of questions](https://gitlab.ewi.tudelft.nl/cse1105/2021-2022/team-repositories/oopp-group-60/repository-template/-/issues/7) | [Implement speed based score](https://gitlab.ewi.tudelft.nl/cse1105/2021-2022/team-repositories/oopp-group-60/repository-template/-/issues/201) | Aakanksh  | 2 | 1 | No | Missing dependency |
| [Users must be able to create and join game lobbies](https://gitlab.ewi.tudelft.nl/cse1105/2021-2022/team-repositories/oopp-group-60/repository-template/-/issues/5) | [Notify players about lobby changes](https://gitlab.ewi.tudelft.nl/cse1105/2021-2022/team-repositories/oopp-group-60/repository-template/-/issues/155) | Paul | 5  | 3 | Yes | |
| [Games must consist of a set of questions](https://gitlab.ewi.tudelft.nl/cse1105/2021-2022/team-repositories/oopp-group-60/repository-template/-/issues/7) | [Enable estimate question](https://gitlab.ewi.tudelft.nl/cse1105/2021-2022/team-repositories/oopp-group-60/repository-template/-/issues/200) | Giacomo | 4 | 4 | Yes | |
| | [Show player scores in the client](https://gitlab.ewi.tudelft.nl/cse1105/2021-2022/team-repositories/oopp-group-60/repository-template/-/issues/196) | Rok | 4 | 15 | Yes | |
| | [Support uploading activity pictures](https://gitlab.ewi.tudelft.nl/cse1105/2021-2022/team-repositories/oopp-group-60/repository-template/-/issues/137) | Rok | 3 | 10 | Yes | |
| [Create user profile pages](https://gitlab.ewi.tudelft.nl/cse1105/2021-2022/team-repositories/oopp-group-60/repository-template/-/issues/45) | [Upload user profile images](https://gitlab.ewi.tudelft.nl/cse1105/2021-2022/team-repositories/oopp-group-60/repository-template/-/merge_requests/136) | Giacomo | 4 | 4 | Review | |
| [Create a global leaderboard](https://gitlab.ewi.tudelft.nl/cse1105/2021-2022/team-repositories/oopp-group-60/repository-template/-/issues/40) | [Create a top-n leaderboard](https://gitlab.ewi.tudelft.nl/cse1105/2021-2022/team-repositories/oopp-group-60/repository-template/-/issues/192) | Giacomo | 3 | 0 | No | |
| [Allow users to create/enter a private room](https://gitlab.ewi.tudelft.nl/cse1105/2021-2022/team-repositories/oopp-group-60/repository-template/-/issues/32) | [Implement private rooms](https://gitlab.ewi.tudelft.nl/cse1105/2021-2022/team-repositories/oopp-group-60/repository-template/-/issues/163) | David | 3 | 3 | Yes | |
| Admin panel | [Design and implement admin panel](https://gitlab.ewi.tudelft.nl/cse1105/2021-2022/team-repositories/oopp-group-60/repository-template/-/issues/207) | David | 4 | 8 | Yes | |
| | [Endpoints for Admin Panel](https://gitlab.ewi.tudelft.nl/cse1105/2021-2022/team-repositories/oopp-group-60/repository-template/-/merge_requests/122) | Giacomo | 2 | 2 | Yes | |
| [Users must be able to use power ups during games](https://gitlab.ewi.tudelft.nl/cse1105/2021-2022/team-repositories/oopp-group-60/repository-template/-/issues/9) | [Implement point doubling power-up](https://gitlab.ewi.tudelft.nl/cse1105/2021-2022/team-repositories/oopp-group-60/repository-template/-/issues/162) | Aakanksh | 4 | 3 | Yes | |
| | [Implement reducing opponents timing power up](https://gitlab.ewi.tudelft.nl/cse1105/2021-2022/team-repositories/oopp-group-60/repository-template/-/issues/189) | David | 5 | 5 | Yes | |
| | [Implement eliminate an incorrect answer power up](https://gitlab.ewi.tudelft.nl/cse1105/2021-2022/team-repositories/oopp-group-60/repository-template/-/issues/198) | Alex | 4 | | | |
| [Users should be able to select reactions to the questions](https://gitlab.ewi.tudelft.nl/cse1105/2021-2022/team-repositories/oopp-group-60/repository-template/-/issues/223) | [Add ability for users to use reactions and display it](https://gitlab.ewi.tudelft.nl/cse1105/2021-2022/team-repositories/oopp-group-60/repository-template/-/issues/206) | Rok | 4 | 0 | No | Missing dependency | 
| Bugs | [Fix lobbies not loading on dev](https://gitlab.ewi.tudelft.nl/cse1105/2021-2022/team-repositories/oopp-group-60/repository-template/-/issues/215) | David | 0 | 1 | Yes | |
| | [Fix admin panel](https://gitlab.ewi.tudelft.nl/cse1105/2021-2022/team-repositories/oopp-group-60/repository-template/-/issues/216) | David | \- | 1 | Yes | |
| | [Rework usernames and nicknames](https://gitlab.ewi.tudelft.nl/cse1105/2021-2022/team-repositories/oopp-group-60/repository-template/-/issues/197) | David | \- | 2 | Yes | |
| [Users must be able to select reactions to the questions](https://gitlab.ewi.tudelft.nl/cse1105/2021-2022/team-repositories/oopp-group-60/repository-template/-/issues/9) | [Implement endpoints for reactions](https://gitlab.ewi.tudelft.nl/cse1105/2021-2022/team-repositories/oopp-group-60/repository-template/-/issues/205) | Alex | 3 | 5 | Review | |
| [Dynamic question generation](https://gitlab.ewi.tudelft.nl/cse1105/2021-2022/team-repositories/oopp-group-60/repository-template/-/issues/56) | [Smart question generation](https://gitlab.ewi.tudelft.nl/cse1105/2021-2022/team-repositories/oopp-group-60/repository-template/-/issues/204) | Alex | 4 | 0 | No | |
| Documentation | [Game wiki](https://gitlab.ewi.tudelft.nl/cse1105/2021-2022/team-repositories/oopp-group-60/repository-template/-/issues/170)                                             | Everyone  | \-  | \- | | Ongoing from previous sprints |
| | [W8 improvements](https://gitlab.ewi.tudelft.nl/cse1105/2021-2022/team-repositories/oopp-group-60/repository-template/-/issues/213) | Everyone | \-  | \- | | |

## Encountered problems

We've created an `EasyRetro` [dashboard](https://easyretro.io/publicboard/XL0SczVulsXhoA3QfjB1IjlW1XU2/a0a50276-dc05-42c4-81cc-da20ba152cda) where everybody contributed their retrospective for the week.

### Code reviews
We started to deviate from our method of code reviewing. This method is to assign team memebers to review a merge request.

### Still missing core features
We are still missing some core features. Entering the final week, it will be crucial to have these ready. 

## Adjustments for the next sprint plan
- Working towards the finished product.
- Review code quickly and in a organized manner
- Continue the pace of this week and perhaps even faster.

