# W3 retrospective

|   |   |
|---|---|
| Location  | Online (Discord) |
| Date		| 27/02/2022 |
| Time		| 17:00 - 18:00 |
| Attendees	| Paul Misterka  <br> Giacomo Pezzali<br> Alexandru Cojocaru <br> David Dinucu-Jianu (Chairman)<br>  Aakanksh Singh (Note taker) <br>Rok Å tular |

Our goal for this week was very ambitious, finishing an MVP of the singleplayer game.
Unfortunately, we were not able to finish it in time but, this does not mean we have not done a lot of progress.

We achieved a lot of important milestones this week such as: finishing up our first version of the complete application UI and discussing all the API endpoints that our server will support.

Another goal for this week was to divide the work more evenly between our team members and after a catch-up meeting we are sure we have achieved this.

Below is our final tasks list with estimated and actual time spent, completion level and notes.

| Stories                                                                                                                                                  | Tasks                                                                                                                                                                                | Assignees      | Estimated time | Time spent | Done   | Notes                   |
| -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- | ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------ | -------------- | -------------- | ---------- | ------ | ----------------------- |
| Users must be able to create and join game lobbies                                                                                                       | [Create the lobby UI](https://gitlab.ewi.tudelft.nl/cse1105/2021-2022/team-repositories/oopp-group-60/repository-template/-/issues/23)                                               | Paul           | 4              | 5          | Yes    |                         |
|                                                                                                                                                          | [Game joining on the front-end](https://gitlab.ewi.tudelft.nl/cse1105/2021-2022/team-repositories/oopp-group-60/repository-template/-/issues/79)                                     | Paul           | 4              | 0          | No     |                         |
|                                                                                                                                                          | [API Endpoints for joining/ getting lobbies](https://gitlab.ewi.tudelft.nl/cse1105/2021-2022/team-repositories/oopp-group-60/repository-template/-/issues/75)                        | Giacomo        | 6              | 6          | No     |                         |
|                                                                                                                                                          | [Implement DTOs (#67)](https://gitlab.ewi.tudelft.nl/cse1105/2021-2022/team-repositories/oopp-group-60/repository-template/-/issues/67)                                              | Rok            | 5              | 12         | Yes    |                         |
|                                                                                                                                                          | [Implement playing a singleplayer game](https://gitlab.ewi.tudelft.nl/cse1105/2021-2022/team-repositories/oopp-group-60/repository-template/-/issues/78)                             | David          | 5              | 0          | No     |                         |
| [Setup authentication](https://gitlab.ewi.tudelft.nl/cse1105/2021-2022/team-repositories/oopp-group-60/repository-template/-/issues/31)                  | [Create Authentification screen UI](https://gitlab.ewi.tudelft.nl/cse1105/2021-2022/team-repositories/oopp-group-60/repository-template/-/issues/61)                                 | Alex           | 2              | 4          | Review |                         |
|                                                                                                                                                          | [API endpoints for authentification](https://gitlab.ewi.tudelft.nl/cse1105/2021-2022/team-repositories/oopp-group-60/repository-template/-/issues/77)                                | Paul           | 4              | 8          | No     | Issues with test config |
|                                                                                                                                                          | [Implement authentification on the client-side](https://gitlab.ewi.tudelft.nl/cse1105/2021-2022/team-repositories/oopp-group-60/repository-template/-/issues/80)                     | Alex           | 4              | 0          | No     |                         |
|                                                                                                                                                          | [Design nickname and profile image selection screen](https://gitlab.ewi.tudelft.nl/cse1105/2021-2022/team-repositories/oopp-group-60/repository-template/-/issues/59)                | Alex           | 2              | 2          | Yes    |                         |
|                                                                                                                                                          | [Design authentification screen UI](https://gitlab.ewi.tudelft.nl/cse1105/2021-2022/team-repositories/oopp-group-60/repository-template/-/issues/58)                                 | David          | 2              | 2          | Yes    |                         |
| [User must be able to set their name](https://gitlab.ewi.tudelft.nl/cse1105/2021-2022/team-repositories/oopp-group-60/repository-template/-/issues/4)    | [Create server connect screen UI](https://gitlab.ewi.tudelft.nl/cse1105/2021-2022/team-repositories/oopp-group-60/repository-template/-/issues/61)                                   | Alex           | 5              | 5          | Review |                         |
|                                                                                                                                                          | [Create register screen UI](https://gitlab.ewi.tudelft.nl/cse1105/2021-2022/team-repositories/oopp-group-60/repository-template/-/issues/61)                                         | Alex           | 5              | 5          | Review |                         |
|                                                                                                                                                          | [File hierarchy improvements](https://gitlab.ewi.tudelft.nl/cse1105/2021-2022/team-repositories/oopp-group-60/repository-template/-/issues/86)                                       |                |                |            |        |                         |
|                                                                                                                                                          | [API design](https://gitlab.ewi.tudelft.nl/cse1105/2021-2022/team-repositories/oopp-group-60/repository-template/-/issues/82)                                                        | Everyone       | 10             | 15         | Yes    | 2.5 hour meeting        |
| [Users must be able to answer questions](https://gitlab.ewi.tudelft.nl/cse1105/2021-2022/team-repositories/oopp-group-60/repository-template/-/issues/7) | [API endpoints for answering and getting a question](https://gitlab.ewi.tudelft.nl/cse1105/2021-2022/team-repositories/oopp-group-60/repository-template/-/issues/76)                | Aakanksh       | 3              | 2          | No     |                         |
|                                                                                                                                                          | [Update design of game screen](https://gitlab.ewi.tudelft.nl/cse1105/2021-2022/team-repositories/oopp-group-60/repository-template/-/issues/81)                                      | David          | 2              | 3          | Yes    |                         |
|                                                                                                                                                          | [MVP for Single Player game (Client)](https://gitlab.ewi.tudelft.nl/cse1105/2021-2022/team-repositories/oopp-group-60/repository-template/-/issues/65)                               |                |                |            |        |                         |
| [Dynamic question generation](https://gitlab.ewi.tudelft.nl/cse1105/2021-2022/team-repositories/oopp-group-60/repository-template/-/issues/56)           | [Question generation](https://gitlab.ewi.tudelft.nl/cse1105/2021-2022/team-repositories/oopp-group-60/repository-template/-/issues/21)                                               | Rok            | 5              | 5          | No     |                         |
|                                                                                                                                                          | [Add constructor tests for child question classes](https://gitlab.ewi.tudelft.nl/cse1105/2021-2022/team-repositories/oopp-group-60/repository-template/-/issues/68)                  | Giacomo        | 2              | 5          | Yes    |                         |
|                                                                                                                                                          | [Create nickname and profile picture selection screen](https://gitlab.ewi.tudelft.nl/cse1105/2021-2022/team-repositories/oopp-group-60/repository-template/-/issues/62)              | Alex           | 2              | 0          | No     |                         |
|                                                                                                                                                          | [Spawn a default multiplayer room indefinitely](https://gitlab.ewi.tudelft.nl/cse1105/2021-2022/team-repositories/oopp-group-60/repository-template/-/issues/16)                     | Aakanksh, Paul | 3              | 0          | No     |                         |
| Documentation                                                                                                                                            | [ReadMe doc](https://gitlab.ewi.tudelft.nl/cse1105/2021-2022/team-repositories/oopp-group-60/repository-template/-/issues/71)                                                        | Aakanksh       | 1              | 1          | Review |                         |
|                                                                                                                                                          | [Make figma prototype for HCI draft](https://gitlab.ewi.tudelft.nl/cse1105/2021-2022/team-repositories/oopp-group-60/repository-template/-/issues/60)                                | David          | 2              | 2          | Yes    |                         |
|                                                                                                                                                          | [Add client and server readme badges for build status and coverage](https://gitlab.ewi.tudelft.nl/cse1105/2021-2022/team-repositories/oopp-group-60/repository-template/-/issues/26) | Alex           | 2              | 0          | No     |                         |
|                                                                                                                                                          | [Add documents for week 3](https://gitlab.ewi.tudelft.nl/cse1105/2021-2022/team-repositories/oopp-group-60/repository-template/-/issues/84)                                          | Aakanksh       | 1              | 1          | Done   |                         |
|                                                                                                                                                          | [HCI Assignment draft](https://gitlab.ewi.tudelft.nl/cse1105/2021-2022/team-repositories/oopp-group-60/repository-template/-/issues/66)                                              | Everyone       | 4              | 4          | Done   |                         |
| Bug                                                                                                                                                      | [Repository id not matching Entity id](https://gitlab.ewi.tudelft.nl/cse1105/2021-2022/team-repositories/oopp-group-60/repository-template/-/issues/83)                              | Giacomo        | 1              | 1          | Yes    |                         |
|                                                                                                                                                          | [Set Question entity id to UUID](https://gitlab.ewi.tudelft.nl/cse1105/2021-2022/team-repositories/oopp-group-60/repository-template/-/issues/74)                                    | Giacomo        | 1            |     1       |Yes|

## Encountered problems

We've created an `EasyRetro` [dashboard](https://easyretro.io/publicboard/ajrgzHzeR2OlH0KkXNTZiStCy5I3/882a8b39-e82c-49fe-a367-d2b9e1a5d367) where everybody contributed their retrospective for the week.

### The review process for some issues took a long time
The review process for some important issues took a really long time and kept a lot of other issues on hold. To remedy this we decided to assign people to review an issue directly.

### The deadlines for some issues were badly thought out
Unfortunately, some of the issues had deadlines which were badly thought out, which resulted in a lot of other dependant issues being put on hold for a long time. To solve this we will make sure we have a clear plan in terms of the deadline of further issues.

## Adjustments for the next sprint plan
- the scrum master should set more relevant deadlines for issues
- we should start using the gitlab wiki
- we should start assigning people directly to issues
- we should start pinging each other whenever an MR, review, or review implementation is done to speed up the verification process
