# Notes for the team meeting OOPP 60

|   |                                                                                                                            |
|---|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|
| Location:| Drebbelweg PC1 backroom                                                                                                    |
|Datum:| 15/03/2022                                                                                                                 |
|Time: | 16:45 – 17:30                                                                                                              |
|Attendees: | Cojocaru Alexandru (Chairman), Dinucu-Jianu David, Misterka Paul, Pezzali Giacomo, Singh Aakanksh, Rok Štular (Note taker) |

## W4 & W5

 - progress hindered by midterms and resits
 - did not manage to finish the MVP

### Front-end work

 - did not manage to improve code coverage significantly on the front end
 - started with the implementation of async stuff
 - implemented JWT authentication
 - fixed screen scaling issues

### Back-end work

 - switched to a PostgreSQL Docker container as the DBMS
 - populated database-related endpoints
 - fixed several API bugs (using Postman)
 - high code coverage

## Plan for the next week

 - actually finish the MVP
 - make client-side design choices
 - add leaderboard screens
 - document API endpoints (delta from our last diagram)
 - potentially switch from Jeresy to Spring Webclient
