                       # W6 retrospective

|   |                                                                                                                                              |
|---|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|
| Location  | Online (Discord)                                                                                                                             |
| Date		| 21/03/2022                                                                                                                                   |
| Time		| 15:30 - 16:45                                                                                                                                |
| Attendees	| Paul Misterka <br> Giacomo Pezzali <br> Alexandru Cojocaru (Chairman) <br> David Dinucu-Jianu<br>  Aakanksh Singh<br>Rok Å tular (Note taker) |

After week 5 which was slow because of the midterms we tried to push for the MVP in week 6. Even tho we made a lot of progress in the back end we still did not manage to finish making a working single player game.

| Stories                                                                                                                                                                             | Tasks                                                                                                                                                                                      | Assignees         | Estimated time | Time spent | Done   | Notes                                                                                                                               |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|-------------------|----------------|------------|--------|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|
| [Allow players to safely leave a game](https://gitlab.ewi.tudelft.nl/cse1105/2021-2022/team-repositories/oopp-group-60/repository-template/-/issues/35)                             | [Allow user to leave a game](https://gitlab.ewi.tudelft.nl/cse1105/2021-2022/team-repositories/oopp-group-60/repository-template/-/issues/124)                                             | Aakanksh          | 3              | 2          | Review |                                                                                                                                     |
|                                                                                                                                                                                     | [Expose leave game endpoint](https://gitlab.ewi.tudelft.nl/cse1105/2021-2022/team-repositories/oopp-group-60/repository-template/-/issues/123)                                             | Paul              | 4              | 6          | Yes    | Finish-up from W5                                                                                                                   |
| [Support for player-determined configuration](https://gitlab.ewi.tudelft.nl/cse1105/2021-2022/team-repositories/oopp-group-60/repository-template/-/issues/36)                      | [Game configuration endpoint](https://gitlab.ewi.tudelft.nl/cse1105/2021-2022/team-repositories/oopp-group-60/repository-template/-/issues/98)                                             | Aakanksh          | -              | 6          | Yes    | Finish-up from W5                                                                                                                   |
| Bugs                                                                                                                                                                                | [UserDTO parsing errors cause the server to return 500](https://gitlab.ewi.tudelft.nl/cse1105/2021-2022/team-repositories/oopp-group-60/repository-template/-/issues/144)                  | Paul              | -              | 4          | Yes    |                                                                                                                                     |
|                                                                                                                                                                                     | [User leaving lobby isn't updated in the database](https://gitlab.ewi.tudelft.nl/cse1105/2021-2022/team-repositories/oopp-group-60/repository-template/-/issues/150)                       | Aakanksh          | -              | 5          | Yes    |                                                                                                                                     |
|                                                                                                                                                                                     | [User leaving game isn't updated in the database](https://gitlab.ewi.tudelft.nl/cse1105/2021-2022/team-repositories/oopp-group-60/repository-template/-/issues/151)                        | Aakanksh, Giacomo | -              | 4          | Yes    |                                                                                                                                     |
|                                                                                                                                                                                     | [ActivityDTO should support values larger than a 32-bit signed integer.](https://gitlab.ewi.tudelft.nl/cse1105/2021-2022/team-repositories/oopp-group-60/repository-template/-/issues/145) | Rok               | 1              | 1          | Yes    |                                                                                                                                     |
|                                                                                                                                                                                     | [Endpoint to create new game fails in dev](https://gitlab.ewi.tudelft.nl/cse1105/2021-2022/team-repositories/oopp-group-60/repository-template/-/issues/142)                               | Giacomo           | 1              | 1          | Yes    |                                                                                                                                     |
|                                                                                                                                                                                     | [Remove quote related classes](https://gitlab.ewi.tudelft.nl/cse1105/2021-2022/team-repositories/oopp-group-60/repository-template/-/issues/69)                                            | Rok               | 1              | 1          | Yes    |                                                                                                                                     |
| [Games must consist of a set of questions](https://gitlab.ewi.tudelft.nl/cse1105/2021-2022/team-repositories/oopp-group-60/repository-template/-/issues/7)                          | [Store user current answer](https://gitlab.ewi.tudelft.nl/cse1105/2021-2022/team-repositories/oopp-group-60/repository-template/-/issues/112)                                              | Giacomo           | 4              | 10         | Yes    | Started in W5                                                                                                                       |
|                                                                                                                                                                                     | [Subscribe to SSE](https://gitlab.ewi.tudelft.nl/cse1105/2021-2022/team-repositories/oopp-group-60/repository-template/-/issues/116)                                                       | David             | 5              | 10         | Yes    |                                                                                                                                     |
|                                                                                                                                                                                     | [React to question start SSE](https://gitlab.ewi.tudelft.nl/cse1105/2021-2022/team-repositories/oopp-group-60/repository-template/-/issues/118)                                            | Paul              | 4              | 0          | No     | Blocked by [#117](https://gitlab.ewi.tudelft.nl/cse1105/2021-2022/team-repositories/oopp-group-60/repository-template/-/issues/117) |
|                                                                                                                                                                                     | [React to question stop SSE](https://gitlab.ewi.tudelft.nl/cse1105/2021-2022/team-repositories/oopp-group-60/repository-template/-/issues/119)                                             | Paul              | 4              | 0          | No     | Blocked by [#117](https://gitlab.ewi.tudelft.nl/cse1105/2021-2022/team-repositories/oopp-group-60/repository-template/-/issues/117) |
|                                                                                                                                                                                     | [Automatically populate database with activities](https://gitlab.ewi.tudelft.nl/cse1105/2021-2022/team-repositories/oopp-group-60/repository-template/-/issues/140)                        | Rok               | 5              | 5          | Yes    |                                                                                                                                     |
|                                                                                                                                                                                     | [Indicate the correct answer in the client](https://gitlab.ewi.tudelft.nl/cse1105/2021-2022/team-repositories/oopp-group-60/repository-template/-/issues/100)                              | David             | 4              | 0          | No     |                                                                                                                                     |
|                                                                                                                                                                                     | [Allow user to start a single player game](https://gitlab.ewi.tudelft.nl/cse1105/2021-2022/team-repositories/oopp-group-60/repository-template/-/issues/121)                               | David             | 2              | 0          | No     |                                                                                                                                     |
|                                                                                                                                                                                     | [Handle game timing]                                                                                                                                                                       | Rok               | 4              | 0          | No     |                                                                                                                                     |
|                                                                                                                                                                                     | [Allow to start and stop a question](https://gitlab.ewi.tudelft.nl/cse1105/2021-2022/team-repositories/oopp-group-60/repository-template/-/issues/117)                                     | Rok               | 4              | 5          | Review |                                                                                                                                     |
|                                                                                                                                                                                     | [Allow user to answer](https://gitlab.ewi.tudelft.nl/cse1105/2021-2022/team-repositories/oopp-group-60/repository-template/-/issues/122)                                                   | Alex              | 4              | 0          | No     | Blocked by [#112](https://gitlab.ewi.tudelft.nl/cse1105/2021-2022/team-repositories/oopp-group-60/repository-template/-/issues/112) |
| Testing                                                                                                                                                                             | [Implement front end testing](https://gitlab.ewi.tudelft.nl/cse1105/2021-2022/team-repositories/oopp-group-60/repository-template/-/issues/101)                                            | Aakanksh          | 3              | 0          | No     |                                                                                                                                     |
| [Users must always be able to join a default public game room](https://gitlab.ewi.tudelft.nl/cse1105/2021-2022/team-repositories/oopp-group-60/repository-template/-/issues/6)      | [Spawn a default multiplayer room indefinitely](https://gitlab.ewi.tudelft.nl/cse1105/2021-2022/team-repositories/oopp-group-60/repository-template/-/issues/16)                           | Aakanksh, Paul    | 5              | 0          | No     |                                                                                                                                     |
| [Games must show a leaderboard during and after the game concludes](https://gitlab.ewi.tudelft.nl/cse1105/2021-2022/team-repositories/oopp-group-60/repository-template/-/issues/8) | [Generate player's score](https://gitlab.ewi.tudelft.nl/cse1105/2021-2022/team-repositories/oopp-group-60/repository-template/-/issues/128)                                                | Giacomo           | 3              | 0          | No     |                                                                                                                                     |
| [User must be able to set a name when entering the application](https://gitlab.ewi.tudelft.nl/cse1105/2021-2022/team-repositories/oopp-group-60/repository-template/-/issues/4)     | [Allow user to register](https://gitlab.ewi.tudelft.nl/cse1105/2021-2022/team-repositories/oopp-group-60/repository-template/-/merge_requests/86)                                          | Alex              | 5              | 5          | Review |                                                                                                                                     |
| [Create a global leaderboard](https://gitlab.ewi.tudelft.nl/cse1105/2021-2022/team-repositories/oopp-group-60/repository-template/-/issues/40)                                      | [Implement global leaderboards in the client](https://gitlab.ewi.tudelft.nl/cse1105/2021-2022/team-repositories/oopp-group-60/repository-template/-/issues/103)                            | David             | 2              | 5          | Yes    |                                                                                                                                     |
| [Users must be able to create and join game lobbies](https://gitlab.ewi.tudelft.nl/cse1105/2021-2022/team-repositories/oopp-group-60/repository-template/-/issues/5)                | [Create lobby list screen](https://gitlab.ewi.tudelft.nl/cse1105/2021-2022/team-repositories/oopp-group-60/repository-template/-/issues/152)                                               | David             | 3              | 5          | Yes    |                                                                                                                                     |
| [Setup authentication](https://gitlab.ewi.tudelft.nl/cse1105/2021-2022/team-repositories/oopp-group-60/repository-template/-/issues/31)                                             | [Store jwt token safely](https://gitlab.ewi.tudelft.nl/cse1105/2021-2022/team-repositories/oopp-group-60/repository-template/-/issues/114)                                                 | Alex              | 2              | 0          | No     |                                                                                                                                     |
| Enhancement                                                                                                                                                                         | [Display client side timers](https://gitlab.ewi.tudelft.nl/cse1105/2021-2022/team-repositories/oopp-group-60/repository-template/-/issues/111)                                             | Aakanksh          | 3              | 0          | No     |                                                                                                                                     |
| Documentation                                                                                                                                                                       | [Update endpoint collection](https://gitlab.ewi.tudelft.nl/cse1105/2021-2022/team-repositories/oopp-group-60/repository-template/-/issues/127)                                             |                   |                |            |        |                                                                                                                                     |
|                                                                                                                                                                                     | [API design](https://gitlab.ewi.tudelft.nl/cse1105/2021-2022/team-repositories/oopp-group-60/repository-template/-/issues/82)                                                              |                   |                |            |        |                                                                                                                                     |


## Encountered problems

### Code coverage
Our code coverage didn't go up at all, and still stands at about 50%. The server has around 90% coverage but there have been no UI tests implemented because we thought it was not an objective for this week's goal.

### Communicating responsibilities
The communication for this week went fine, even tho there is always room for improvement. When it comes to organising meetings we need to announce at least 24 hours before if we want to reschedule and for next weeks we will move the urgent information to whatsapp as well to ensure better responsiveness.

## Adjustments for the next sprint plan
- Implement front-end testing
- Push code so the team can implement a playable game
- Improve planning since we have only a few sprints left and the team has to be efficient
- Start using gitlab time tracking features
- Assign proper status labels to issues